[Music]
atención find out how you can get a free
extra meal on your next fly
what do passengers do to annoy them the
most what am I talking about here it's
flight attendants secrets and nightmares
finally revealed stay to the end to find
out what they might be calling you
behind your back all right here we go
they're judging you during boarding if
you're acting a bit off as you get on
the plane this might mark you down as a
potential problematic passenger this
screening lets them predict what kind of
flight it's going to be and one of them
is counting you ever notice how one of
those smiling flight attendants greets
you with their hands behind their back
it's not because they just changed the
engine oil and lubricated the jet it's
because they're holding a special
counter to keep track of how many
passengers have boarded some passengers
take life vests from the plane so make
sure there's one under your seat before
takeoff if it's missing it's probably
become a souvenir for a sticky-fingered
passenger before you just let the crew
know about it now they're not kidding
when they ask you to turn your
electronics off one phone it's not in an
airplane mode won't mess the plane up or
anything but if everyone decides to
ignore the command to get off the grid
it can seriously interfere with
communication between air traffic
control and the cockpit if you use the
bathroom before takeoff they let the
pilot know if you go hard on Airport
coffee will leave yourself before
getting on the plane cabin crew will
have to inform the pilots if there's a
passenger in the bathroom and they won't
take off until you're out they don't
want you to fall down in there flight
attendants aren't paid to help you lift
your bags
in fact they aren't paid to greet you
show you to your seat or even for hours
they spend waiting while the flight is
delayed they only get paid for actual
flight hours their schedule is intense
no they're not camping in tents and it's
not about traveling in style to a new
awesome destination every day
there's no fixed workweek and sometimes
especially in the beginning they work on
a reserved schedule meaning they must be
ready to get to work literally any time
of the day to fill in for someone they
have to be within a 90 to 120 minute
ride from the airport whew they don't
all know each other there's rarely a
flight crew that always works together
in most cases they only learn who
they're flying with right before the
trip during a pre-flight briefing so if
you hear them call each other darling
and dude it might be because they don't
know each other's names oh that's why
they have those nametags you make their
job harder by roaming the aisles after
takeoff this is the busiest time for the
crew as they start cruising back and
forth with a heavy cart heating up your
meals and preparing drinks when
passengers choose to stretch their legs
or go see a friend in the other row it
starts a traffic jam this is what makes
meal service way slower in flight
attendants uncomfortable hey you're
allowed to ask for more food there are
some leftover meals on almost every
flight if you're hungry for more it
never hurts to ask they're only good for
a short time so they'll most likely be
thrown away unless someone from the crew
eats them after the flight you can get
better service in the back of the plane
the distance from their service galley
to your seat is shorter if you're
sitting toward the tail if you're up
front though the crew will probably get
50 extra requests along the way and you
might never get that extra blanket or
earplugs now I usually take a seat in
the back but what about you and do you
prefer window or aisle hey how about
that middle seat let me know down in the
comments and let's keep it moving
bottled drinks are your best friends
during the flight when given the choice
of free drinks onboard don't go for the
coffee or tea in fact as for whatever
comes in a can or bottle water in those
hot drinks might be okay but the onboard
tanks it comes from don't get cleaned
that much
flight attendants aren't waiters they
serve you meals and pour drinks but
their main duty is to assist the captain
in keeping things on board safe and
acting fast in case of any unexpected
situations the intense training they go
through is packed within a few short
weeks yet it includes safety procedures
the planes technical details in first
aid to name a few they aren't your
personal Butler's either of course you
can use the call button if you need
something but don't get mad if an
attendant doesn't show up the next
second to help you out unless you have
your own personal jet there are usually
at least 100 other passengers besides
you if you just want a glass of water
you can stretch your legs and go get it
they don't have all the answers now
since we're on the topic of call buttons
don't use it to ask the crew where the
plane is flying right now or how you can
find some part of the destination
Airport the truth is they don't know and
they really don't have to know they
can't stand when you stick your used
napkin in your cup flight attendants
stack cups to save space so every time
there's a napkin inside they just have
to fish it out and throw it away
separately and that just wastes their
time you can open the bathroom door from
the outside hey if your kid is stuck
inside or something you just have to
lift the lavatory sign and slide the
knob into the unlock position but this
is only for emergencies the cabin isn't
the cleanest place in the world I'm sure
you know the bathroom isn't exactly the
epitome of sterile but those carpets
aren't germ-free either so don't go
walking around without your shoes on but
the thing you eat on is the filthiest
the tray tables just get a quick wipe
down with one rag for all the rows and
people put their feet on them flight
attendants know if you use aerosol zon
board if you manage to sneak in a
travel-size hairspray or deodorant in
your carry-on don't use it in the
bathroom it'll set off the alarm
there are rest compartments for the crew
larger airplanes have little hidden
rooms for the crew to rest on long-haul
flights they have to crawl in there
because there isn't that much room but
it's still good enough to relax a bit
they ask you to lift the shades for a
reason the emergency exit shades must be
up so that the flight attendants can see
if it's safe outside before they open
the doors they can spice things up if
they want going over the same routine
every day can get boring there are no
rules forbidding them to get creative
with the preflight safety demonstration
so you can sometimes see flight
attendants make it more of a stand-up
comedian piece or even dance on board
the crew has their own secret language
pax is short for passengers um is an
unaccompanied minor traveling alone who
needs extra attention and care spinners
are passengers with no assigned seat
that arrive at the last minute and start
spinning around looking for an open spot
runners are those who literally sprint
through the airport and into the plane
to catch a tight connection Jorge is a
popular name for the autopilot system
blue juice is the liquid used in
airplane toilets and the restroom itself
can be called the Blue Room as for that
special foldable seat the flight
attendants use during takeoff landing
and turbulence it's called a jump seat
and finally if you've been misbehaving
at 30,000 feet and the flight attendant
offers to help you outside so you can
stretch your legs don't take them up on
it Hey
just kidding so if you learn something
new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]